README.md, before:


# Omnifood - Responsive Website Project

This project is the final assignment for the course ["Design and Develop a Killer Website with HTML5 and CSS3"](https://www.udemy.com/course/design-and-develop-a-killer-website-with-html5-and-css3/). The objective is to build a responsive real-world website using modern HTML5 and CSS3 techniques, including flexbox and CSS Grid.

## Live Demo
<img width="1257" alt="Capture" src="https://github.com/AnhtuanUit/omnifood/assets/13465843/fc720466-4150-44e3-81e6-465994100c4c">

Explore the live demo: [Omnifood Live Demo](https://omnifood-tuando.netlify.app/)

## What You'll Learn

- Develop modern HTML and CSS skills with no prior knowledge required.
- Design and construct a stunning real-world project from scratch.
- Utilize modern, semantic, and accessible HTML5.
- Implement modern CSS, including flexbox and CSS Grid for layout.
- Grasp important CSS concepts such as the box model, positioning schemes, and inheritance.
- Understand web design principles for eye-catching websites.
- Plan, sketch, design, build, test, and optimize a professional website.
- Implement responsive design to ensure compatibility with various devices.
- Use common components and layout patterns for professional website design.
- Develop developer skills such as reading documentation, debugging, and using professional tools.
- Find and use free design assets like images, fonts, and icons.
- Practice your skills with 10+ challenges (solutions included).

## How to Use

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo.git
   ```

2. Open the `index.html` file in your browser.

3. Explore the website and review the code to enhance your understanding of HTML and CSS.

## Credits

This project is based on the course ["Design and Develop a Killer Website with HTML5 and CSS3"](https://www.udemy.com/course/design-and-develop-a-killer-website-with-html5-and-css3/).

## Thank You! 🚀

Commit message:

Update README.md for add  video demo

README.md, after:


# Omnifood - Responsive Website Project

This project is the final assignment for the course ["Design and Develop a Killer Website with HTML5 and CSS3"](https://www.udemy.com/course/design-and-develop-a-killer-website-with-html5-and-css3/). The objective is to build a responsive real-world website using modern HTML5 and CSS3 techniques, including flexbox and CSS Grid.

### Video Demo and Live Application



[![Omnifood Project](https://img.youtube.com/vi/wyHhaosMgC8/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/wyHhaosMgC8)






Click on the image above or use this 🎬 [Watch the video](https://youtu.be/wyHhaosMgC8) to watch the demo video.

Explore the live demo: [Omnifood Live Demo](https://omnifood-tuando.netlify.app/)

## What You'll Learn

- Develop modern HTML and CSS skills with no prior knowledge required.
- Design and construct a stunning real-world project from scratch.
- Utilize modern, semantic, and accessible HTML5.
- Implement modern CSS, including flexbox and CSS Grid for layout.
- Grasp important CSS concepts such as the box model, positioning schemes, and inheritance.
- Understand web design principles for eye-catching websites.
- Plan, sketch, design, build, test, and optimize a professional website.
- Implement responsive design to ensure compatibility with various devices.
- Use common components and layout patterns for professional website design.
- Develop developer skills such as reading documentation, debugging, and using professional tools.
- Find and use free design assets like images, fonts, and icons.
- Practice your skills with 10+ challenges (solutions included).

## How to Use

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo.git
   ```

2. Open the `index.html` file in your browser.

3. Explore the website and review the code to enhance your understanding of HTML and CSS.

## Credits

This project is based on the course ["Design and Develop a Killer Website with HTML5 and CSS3"](https://www.udemy.com/course/design-and-develop-a-killer-website-with-html5-and-css3/).

## Thank You! 🚀
